Update ECH known issue and add one entry about 8.17 upgrade (#4197)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/upgrade/deployment-or-cluster.md

Before proceeding with the upgrade, review the [Plan your upgrade](/deploy-manage/upgrade/plan-upgrade.md) guidance to understand compatibility and timing considerations, and follow the steps in [Prepare to upgrade](/deploy-manage/upgrade/prepare-to-upgrade.md) to get your environment ready for the upgrade.

> Additionally, review the [Restrictions and known problems](../deploy/elastic-cloud/restrictions-known-problems.md) to gain a comprehensive understanding of the known issues. 

Reviewer: Or maybe even rewrite it to specify the applicability of this statement first:

```suggestion
If you’re using Elastic-managed infrastructure, review the [Restrictions and known problems](../deploy/elastic-cloud/restrictions-known-problems.md) section to gain a comprehensive understanding of the known issues in {{ech}}. 
```

> Additionally, review the [Restrictions and known problems](../deploy/elastic-cloud/restrictions-known-problems.md) to gain a comprehensive understanding of the known issues. 

Author: Yes, it's only for ECH. Thank you! I think I would prefer a simple wording to include {{ech}}, so I will choose the first one 🙏
